Allow switching provider for Package installation (#58)
theforeman/puppet-foreman_scap_client: README.md

  Unless set to an alternative file source, URL will be used.
* 'foreman_repo_src':  Alternative baseurl for The Foreman plugins repository
* 'foreman_repo_gpg_chk': Enable / disable GPG checks. Directly passed to Yumrepo resource

> * 'package_name': Name of the package that will be installed, defaults to `rubygem-foreman_scap_client`

Reviewer: The default is platform dependent.

Author: Cleaned this up, after a little whupsie - documentation also adjusted to note package name is platform specific

> * 'package_name': Name of the package that will be installed, defaults to `rubygem-foreman_scap_client` which is platform specific

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 'package_name': Name of the package that will be installed. The default is platform specific.
```
